toolbox: add pages (#8280)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/toolbox-enter.md

# toolbox enter

> Enter a `toolbox` container for interactive use.
> More information: <https://www.mankier.com/1/toolbox-enter>.

- Enter a `toolbox` container for a different distribution other than the host:

> `toolbox enter --distro {{distribution}}`

Reviewer: Don't you have to specify which container you want to enter? Or does this create a new temporary container?

Author: No need to specify which container or toolbox I need to enter. It enters into an existing container/toolbox by default. In case you are running multiple distributions like RHEL, and Fedora. You can specify it in this command. 
[Reference video for toolbox enter](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26346867/182399080-014d0f3a-9c8a-47d9-ad5b-9611a484ffe7.webm)
In the above video, host is fedora. So `toolbox enter` works directly as it is host distro, in case of RHEL we can enter a fedora toolbox using `toolbox enter --distro fedora`

# toolbox enter

> Enter a `toolbox` container for interactive use.
> More information: <https://manned.org/toolbox-enter.1>.

> - Enter a `toolbox` container for a different distribution other than the host:

Reviewer: Is this correct?
```suggestion
- Enter a `toolbox` container using the default image of a specific distribution:
```

Author: Yeah, this works too

`toolbox enter --distro {{distribution}}`

> - Enter a `toolbox` container for a different distribution other than the host:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enter a `toolbox` container using the default image of a specific release of the current distribution:
```

`toolbox enter --release {{release}}`

- Enter a toolbox container using the default image for Fedora 36:

> `toolbox enter --distro fedora --release f36`

Reviewer: Even tough it's a specific example, it's still an argument.
```suggestion
`toolbox enter --distro {{fedora}} --release {{f36}}`
```
